it's my birthday
alexa play 22 by taylor swift
[Music]
so yeah everyone it's my 22nd birthday
today
i've made an effort to make myself look
nice although to be honest with you
i'm not actually doing much today um i
did have plans to see family and i
thought wow i have escaped the curse of
a lockdown birthday
restrictions are being eased in the
christmas period this is
great and then boris turns around a few
days ago and goes actually
there's a mutation we can't mix with
each other
and sorry but christmas is cancelled uh
so yeah
it's all a bit unfortunate damn it
coronavirus but
making the best of the day thought i'd
vlog because i haven't vlogged my
birthday before so
yeah we're gonna go out for a walk first
because my dog very much wants a walk
he has been waiting for it all morning
haven't you buster
just keep dancing like we're
[Music]
taylor swift gosh educate yourself
taylor swift has released a new album
recently you know wow you should go
listen
oh honestly guys we have smashed this
walk it is
beautiful the tide has finally gone out
and did you know guys
the tides going in and out caused
by the gravitational effects of the moon
[Laughter]
hello everyone so we've returned from
our walk had a quick photo shoot because
i needed a few
shots for the instagram so my mom has
become my instagram photographer
in recent weeks she's she's not that bad
she gets some good shots you know yeah
so yeah appreciation to my master's
time yeah go follow me on instagram if
you're not already it's at
underscore page underscore y and i
thought i would show you
the cards that i've opened this morning
so far i've just
opened all of my cards but i haven't
opened any presents yet
let's pick out some highlights i love
this one
this one has a saxophone on look 22
it's got my name on it literally
handmade
also a telescope and inside it says at
least
the universe is a lot older than you
we've also got a bit of a flamingo theme
going on this year we've got a flamingo
here
a flamingo here and a flamingo here
so flamingos for the 22nd it seems
so yeah thank you very much to everyone
who sent me a card
and now the plan is to give a quick call
to my auntie and grandma
who was supposed to be here today but
they're now in lockdown where they live
so we're gonna call them and try and
make them still feel like
their hair
now my mom and i are in the car and
heading
to costa coffee because i really want
one of their festive drinks they're
doing a purple one
latte as in the purple one from quality
street chocolate and
i like the purple one and i like costa
lattes so i think i'm going to enjoy
this
yes i know these christmas drinks are a
scam they make you pay way over the odds
for what is pretty much a standard drink
but i don't know they just taste better
and i just fancy one it's my birthday so
why the hell not
so we're gonna go get a takeaway latte
purple one lattes have been obtained
hopefully they're not gonna spill on our
drive home
we are home i have got my purple one
latte complete with a purple one on the
top
is it good it's nice really nice
i've got coffee all over the interior of
the car do you want to try a bit no i
just went all over me
all right it's really pleasant
it's good hello okay so i had a bit of a
break and now i've decided to open
my first present because this one i
think at least
is from my friends at uni and they're
messaging me and i feel bad responding
without having opened their present yet
see this arrived in the post a couple of
days ago but i had the sense
not to open it i thought well that's not
something i ordered
it is what is it mysterium oh
now anyone who's watched the vlogs will
know actually have i mentioned it
probably we used to play mysterium at
law at university um
so now i've got my own copy how many
players do you need two to seven
perfect brilliant we can play it this
evening
not a difficult one is it all right for
a doofus like me you guys will like it
i do think you guys will quite enjoy it
it will be it'll be funny
good i'm looking forward to that no
thank you to everyone at uni for getting
me this
so i've now got everyone's attention
thank you for joining me
family and i'm opening a present from
me this is from my sister lydia got some
rainbow paper
oh look buster's interesting what is it
um
oh i'm so excited that's such a good
gift
i nearly gave it to you for christmas
but i thought we could play it from
today if i gave it to you today let's
play it
oh this is so good especially when we're
going into the lockdown
what is it what is it super mario party
um a game for the nintendo switch this
is very nice wrapping
i like that a lot it's got be fabulous
on the wrapping paper
very exciting i'm going to try act
surprised
yeah they're astro binoculars
basically i'm trying to get into
observing
originally i had a telescope in mind but
then uh stocks are cleared of telescopes
because everyone has suddenly found a
passion for astronomy recently
i actually think some binoculars are
probably a good starting point because i
don't have much experience in observing
he said it was the last one in the shop
didn't he
yeah this is the last one you won't get
it anywhere else
oh what do you think of that buster
buster's impressions
are you going to be doing some um
stargazing 2 bus so for everyone saying
oh my god you studied astrophysics and
now you just completely dropped it
no i haven't i'm going to do some
observing
right we're ready to sing we have um
grandma
and a.k.a just say hello i'm just
filming you say hi
hello hello hello
hey to you happy birthday
happy birthday to you
hooray hooray this is my actual cake
tada made by my wonderful mother
especially at my request i said i want a
raspberry and almond cake this year
normally what we do is we cut the cake
and we make a wish as we cut the cake um
let me just think of my wish it needs to
be quite a good wish
perfect got my wish and i can't tell
anyone my wish otherwise it probably
won't come true so
as a secret background are they flowers
oh oh i see because that could be the
pink of there is that could be a bit
pink and that could be the flowers on
the bars
okay if you've given me a bump steer i'm
going to go okay
so guys we've been playing a board game
basically i've got to tell them
whether we've won or lost uh so white
you are cracked i knew it why'd you give
me another black
you are correct but yellow
you are incorrect
and i'm afraid because the clock is at
the end uh that means we've lost the
game
but it was a good first attempt now
we've ordered a takeaway
from a local shop it's a mexican
takeaway which i'm very excited about i
chose it myself
so my sister and my dad are going to
collect it i'm going to go take my
makeup
off i think our takeaway has arrived
here it is i am very excited to talk in
because i'm very hungry it looks yummy
it does look yummy chicken fajitas prawn
fajitas
pulled pork nachos and something called
holy guacamole
okay so i am now wrapped up in a blanket
sitting on the sofa
and i'm going to give my uni friends a
call
because some of them are around i'm also
just recovering from a bit of a food
coma
so yeah
okay so i've just had a video call with
my friends from uni
which was nice to do this evening and
had a bit of a catch up with them
now i have got my nintendo switch out
because
i've got a birthday party on animal
crossing which of course i need to
attend
but i'm feeling so tired to be honest
with you i slept
really badly last night i was dreaming
of spreadsheets and i couldn't get
spreadsheets out of my mind
and it was just like excel going over
and over my head like drag formula down
insert row and oh my god
driving me crazy but hopefully the day
off today will have helped
i am working tomorrow it is christmas
eve
but i have opted to work just because i
don't really have much else to do and
i'd rather save my holiday
for next year i will take you guys with
me
for the working day tomorrow it should
be fun
morning everyone so i'm so tired this
morning
i just lack energy but now i'm having
some cake for breakfast
because it was my birthday yesterday you
know so it's just
common procedure don't judge so yeah
today is christmas eve
i am working so work will start
at nine not that anyone's checking but i
like to work
at nine and i'll work until five and
then i'll be free
hi everyone i've just got to my desk
and i'm feeling really unwell this
morning
i don't know what it is but i just feel
dizzy and sick
it's not a great combination i'm gonna
plow through
first thing i'm gonna do is read through
my emails because i obviously had a day
off yesterday
so i've missed emails believe it or not
there were still emails flying around
on the 23rd of december still projects
ongoing
but really today is the day that
everyone goes off for christmas
[Music]
hello so it's a little while later i'm
feeling a little bit better
um i've just got on with my work to be
honest and
had a glass of water keeping hydrated
i've had a look at who's actually
working today and i'm literally
the only person on my team who is
working
literally only me there's a few people
from
teams that we closely work with who are
in though but
seriously only a handful of people
barely anyone
is working today only crazy people like
me decide to work on christmas eve
i'm thinking at this point i am going to
put on some christmas music
i would normally play the christmas
music on my phone
but i am filming right now on my phone
so i have got
my personal laptop and i'm going to play
some spotify music on here
let's go on the season's greetings
section of spotify
oh the choice the choice okay i'm going
to opt for classical christmas because i
haven't chosen this one
yet i've been rotating through the
christmas spotify playlists the last
week or so
i am going to cool working on christmas
eve
a festive occasion and go ahead and play
[Music]
hello everyone so i've taken a break
from work i've had a quick lunch
i've sat on my phone for a while and
responded to people's messages
and now it's probably come to the time
where i need to go back to work my dad
has just got home
from work and my mom is off work today
our dog is very happy to see my dad
[Laughter]
yeah i should get back to work okay so i
know i said i was just going back to
work
one sec though i'm gonna go back to work
in a second i wanted to show you the
coats i got for my birthday i went a bit
coat crazy this is coat number one
it's longer probably quite sophisticated
baby i thought it's warm as well
keeps my bun warm it's pink it's short
i thought it was stylish this is a black
bummer fairly cropped cool right
versatile very happy with those thank
you to my family
for getting them for me yeah call me a
fashion vlogger now
okay i now am actually getting back to
work here i am
in my desk chair let's do this last half
day of work and then
i've got loads of time off and i can
switch off from work
until january how pleasant i've been so
used to working
all through the christmas holidays while
being a uni student
because i had all these assignments and
now
i've literally just got a few weeks free
amazing
[Music]
okay so it is later it's approaching
five o'clock
i was going to log off and do some
studying
but i've now discovered another piece of
data processing
it will be something that i'll have to
get onto very quickly in january
once we get back so i'm thinking i might
just bash it out now
hopefully the data is all going to
playable and i'm not going to have any
issues with it
if i do run into any trouble i am just
stopping and leaving it
for my january self
[Music]
okay i'm back in my bedroom because i
have logged off
for the day for the week until january
basically
i filled out my timesheet i have put my
out of office email
on but yeah i hope christmas is
okay this year unfortunately i can't see
my grandma or my auntie as we'd
originally planned so it's just going to
be
a household christmas for me myself my
sister my mum and my dad
it's quite a scary situation to be
honest in the uk at the moment
cases are going up so fast at the moment
and
having tons and tons of households
mixing on christmas day across the
country
it's gonna be disaster but you know i
hope everyone watching has a lovely
christmas i hope you all stay safe
give the video a like subscribe to my
channel follow my instagram
and i will see you soon with another
video bye
[Music]
you